"Mmmh..." Chimer groans as he walks past the receptionist, tired and exhausted from the long day.

"Have a good night, sir!" the receptionist says with a smile.

Chimer stops for a moment, looking over his shoulder. He hadn't really spoken to her much, but he appreciated her kindness, even though he thought no one liked him.

"Y... you too, Lena. Take care of yourself..." he replies, forcing a smile before continuing on his way.

"Don't worry about me, Chimer. You know how it is," Lena replies, her voice cheerful despite the late hour.

It was already 2 AM, and he had been working non-stop since morning. His eyes were strained, and his fingers ached from typing for so long. A good rest would do him good.

As Chimer walked out of the building, he felt the cool night air hit his face, refreshing him slightly. He took a deep breath, trying to shake off the fatigue. The streets were quiet, with only a few cars passing by and the occasional sound of a distant siren.

Suddenly, a group of men in black appeared from the shadows, their footsteps echoing ominously in the empty street. They moved swiftly, surrounding Chimer before he had a chance to react.

"...Who are- Gck-!"

They forcefully shove Chimer into a nearby alleyway, their grips tight and unyielding. Cold steel flashes in the dim light as some draw knives, while others reveal the glint of handguns, their intentions unmistakably hostile.

"...Wh- what the..."

As soon as Chimer laid eyes upon these mysterious individuals, his mind instantly jumped to one conclusion: he was going to die there, and no one would notice.

When Chimer was a child, he was just an average, normal boy who liked playing with friends, believing they liked him. After a series of unfortunate events, he no longer believed anyone would like a kid with anger issues, thus isolating himself from others.

NOVEMBER 14 2022, Eldercrest Academy

Chimer at this age was a bit more energetic but also lonely. He had a close friend to cling on to whenever he wanted, but now she frequently rejects him.

"Nell..! Please, just one hug..!" Young Chimer pleads desperately, wanting to satisfy his longing for affection.

"Chimer, just stop. I don't trust you anymore, after what you did to me," Nell replied with an irritated look on her face, her eyes screaming hate and rejection.

"I- I'm sorry... It was just an accident-" Chimer reasons, hoping to find forgiveness.

"Stop, just stop. You humiliated me in front of everyone in our class. I won't forgive you any time soon." Nell interrupts and boldly declares before walking away, leaving him behind.

Chimer only stares at her walking away from him, managing to mutter out her name in sadness.


PRESENT

Chimer suddenly remembers his past experience with his "friend" and ultimately accepts his death. His face relaxes together with his body as he sits there and closes his eyes.

"I don't care who you are. I've lived my life full of regrets, so... just kill me already..."

The mysterious assassins showed no reaction as they start pointing their weapons at Chimer, intending to kill him and leave no traces.

"..." Chimer stared at the barrel of the gun as he starts feeling fear rising within him.

"W... what's this..? Wh- why am I scared..?" he thought, sitting there helplessly as his arms and legs started to tremble.

The assassins all cocked their guns and held tightly to their knives, preparing to murder the poor Chimer right then and there.

Chimer closed his eyes, visibly terrified from the sight, until a voice faintly calls out to him.

"Chimer..."

His eyes widened immediately when he heard the voice whispering in his ear.

"Chimer... you can't die just yet... I..."

Suddenly, the sound of someone landing could be heard behind Chimer, getting the attention of Chimer and the assassins. It was a hooded man in white. His clothes, and hanging katana were all shining in white.

At this moment, Chimer felt a sense of determination boiling within him, getting him to stand up and face the assassins.

He gets into a rather peculiar fighting stance, his face turns serious as he raises his hands on guard.

"Come."

Chimer tenses up, ready to either live or die. His hands tremble slightly from his remaining fear but he pushes all of it aside.

The assassins take one step back and point their weapons at the two individuals in front of them, about to shoot. However, the man in white steps in, running and moving in momentary flashes as he cuts and dices up each assassin with his white katana.

Chimer is left astounded by what was happening in front of him, causing him to drop his guard while an assassin crept up from behind.

As Chimer turned around, he saw a shocking sight; the man in white already behind the assassin who crept up on him.

As soon as his eyes locked onto the white pupils of the man in white, a large splatter of blood covers him from head to toe as the assassin falls to the ground, split in two.

Chimer was speechless from the sight, unable to find the words to react.

"Stand up, this is your time," the man in white said before disappearing into the sky.

"Th... thanks..." Chimer managed to mutter, still too shocked to move.

Then, Lena storms out of the building and finds Chimer in the alleyway covered in blood and surrounded by corpses.

"C- Chimer!!" She screams out as she runs towards him, hugging him despite being covered in blood. "Are you okay?!"

At that moment, Chimer realized there were still some people worried about him. Even though they were not close, Chimer knew he and Lena could grow closer.
        
Chimer's eyes widen at the sight, but he gives a faint, yet genuine, smile as he pats her clean head with his blood-covered hands.

"Don't worry... I'm okay..." Chimer says with a calm voice.

"A- are you sure..?" Lena asked with worry. "Just... just look at the corpses around you... Are you hurt?"

Chimer chuckles from her following question. "Hehe, no. Why would I be hurt when I already am from the trauma I received years ago?"

Lena first found the question unbelievable, but she slowly cracks a smile, then laughs.

"You're unbelievable, you know that, Chimer?" Lena laughed softly as they both walked out of the alleyway.


THREE DAYS LATER

Chimer found himself sitting on a bench in the park, all cleaned up and thinking about what happened the night before. He had been given money from his boss for vacation, and news from Lena that Zack had been arrested for being the prime suspect for the attack. Fortunately, the judge understood Chimer's situation and let him go with no charges.

"...heh, take that you bastard." Chimer smirked and muttered as he thought of Zack being in jail.

"Hey Chimer! Long time no see!" A mysterious voice calls out.

Chimer turns his head to the source of the voice and his face immediately shifts to depression.

"Oh, it's you... Nell."
