...

Silence... once more...

As Chimer slept on the couch, like the previous days of his training, he starts dreaming...

Right then, as his eyes fluttered open, he found himself in a void, still laying down on the couch. He stood up, and looked around. ...Nothing. He took a step, and a white light illuminated his foot. His eyes widen, and so did his curiosity. He took another step, the same white light appearing under his foot. He turned around, only to find the couch gone. This makes fear slowly creep up his spine, but he pushes it aside as looked back forward.

Chimer pushes on forward. Step after step, his feet are illuminated by white light. After a while, he notices a figure in the distance. Two katanas... Red robe... wait a minute. He blinks once, and finds that the figure has disappeared. At this point, fear has gotten to him, and as he turns around, he bumps into something soft and lands on the ground butt first. Looking up, he sees Ketsueki covering her chest with her arms while blushing.

"W- What are you doing-?!" She says, flustered as her mind repeats that encounter again and again.

"Wha... OH- I AM SO SORRY-" Chimer realizes what happened as he stands up and bows in apology.

Meanwhile, Ketsueki pouts and turns around. "Hmph! Pervert." She says, though, she doesn't find this encounter embarrassing in the slightest. Rather, she smiles and finds it cute, instead.

"Well well well, it seems as though you've gained access to our dimension." A voice says behind Chimer.

"That voice..." Chimer whisperes as he slowly turns around.

As he turned around, a familiar man in white approaches him with his hood over his face, together with the man in black, Sah, and a peculiar woman in green; Those green fox ears somehow rings a bell. 

"Keith..." Ketsueki says as she relaxes and smiles, her arms drooping to the side.

As Chimer laid their gaze upon them, the man in white removes his hood and reveals his face. Chimer's eyes widen, not from the handsomeness of his face, but rather, just how similar they look. From the white eyes, the silver hair, and the calm smile, he could tell it was just himself, but somehow not at the same time.

"That was quite the show there, Chimer." Keith chuckles as he looks at Chimer, who's still slightly embarrassed.

