"...so? Why are you here?" Chimer asks Nell with no emotion, not even a smile or a tone that says otherwise.

"Well... I was just passing by after my work," Nell responds as she sits beside Chimer on the bench.

"Work? You work now?" Chimer asks with intrigue, curious to know about her job.

"Yeah, I work at a fast food restaurant. What about you?" Nell asks with curiosity.

"...Pixlbyte Studios," Chimer responds reluctantly, expecting her not to care as he shifts his focus to the ground.

"...WHAAAAT?! Pixlbyte??? Aren't they the richest coding company in this city??" Nell is flabbergasted by Chimer's statement, leaning closer to him as she spews out more questions. "Are they paying well over there? How's the coffee? Is coding really that hard? I really want to try it!"

Chimer is surprised by her curious nature, a trait nonexistent in the past. He can't find the right words to say as he sorts out his running thoughts. "I... uhmmm..."

Nell stays silent for a few seconds, until she starts laughing softly at Chimer's nervous nature. "You haven't changed, have you, Chimer?"

Chimer sighs and gives up. Nell then starts talking about the old times when they played together back in elementary school and participated in several school events together in high school.

"Life was so fun back then, wasn't it? All of that joy is now replaced by stress from work. Haa..." Nell sighs and leans back on the bench. "...I still remember what you did to me back then..."

Chimer tilts his head in confusion. "What..?"

Nell's cheeks flush red as she looks at Chimer. "Really, you don't remember? Don't make me say it."

"Okay." Chimer gives up his curiosity.

Nell looks at the ground as she speaks. "...you kissed me back then."

Chimer's eyes widen at this forgotten revelation, and he attempts to apologize once more. However, something else catches his eye: the woman in red walking past him. Immediately, he springs up from the bench and walks toward the woman in red, leaving Nell behind.

"Wha-? Chimer? Where are you going?" a surprised Nell asks.

"Stay here," Chimer says as he walks toward the woman.

"N-No! I'll follow you." Nell stands up and follows Chimer, still embarrassed from what she just said.

Chimer and Nell follow the woman through the city, her red attire making her stand out from any crowd.

As Chimer finally approaches the woman, he speaks. "Hey! Haven't we met..."

The woman quickly turns around as Chimer speaks. As her long hair moves out of the way, Chimer is flabbergasted by her unnatural beauty. "...before..?" he says, stunned by her appearance.

"Huh? Who are you?" the woman asks with curiosity, not expecting someone to approach her.

"I'm... C-Chimer..." Chimer introduces himself nervously.

"Chimer, huh? How cute... You can call me Ketsueki." Ketsueki introduces herself calmly, finding Chimer's nervousness cute.

"Ah, I see... N... Nice to meet you, I guess..." Chimer nervously tries to keep the conversation going as he searches for the words.

Chimer and Nell then notice the long, black katana at Ketsueki's waist and get curious.

"What's that katana for?" Chimer asks.

Ketsueki looks down at her katana and chuckles. "Why, this is for training. Why do you ask?"

"Oh, nothing," Chimer responds.

"Anyway, I have other things to do. So, I'll give you my number just in case you want to call me." Ketsueki winks as she gives Chimer her number written on a card.

"Ah, I-I see... Thank you..." Chimer accepts the card with slight confusion.

Ketsueki then walks away, waving goodbye at the same time.

Nell then looks at Chimer with an unimpressed expression on her face. "Wow, you really are a girl-magnet, aren't you?"

"Shut it, it's just—" Chimer attempts to reason but gets interrupted by Nell.

Nell sighs, "I have other things to do too. I'll see you later. Bye." She walks away, leaving Chimer behind.

"Wait—! Ugh..." Chimer gives up the attempt to chase her down as he looks in the direction Ketsueki went.

"...I have a weird feeling about this," he says as he starts walking in that direction, holding the card in hand.

He passes by several advertisements for plushies that wear suits and have bacon-like hair, and posters of one black and green egg holding two black swords while wearing a crown designed with dominos.

After a while, he finds himself at a small forest with a small shed in the distance; the sounds of gunshots fill the air.

"What was that?!" Chimer jumps in terror at the noise, wanting to run away. However, a familiar and clear voice speaks to him.

"Keep going..."

Chimer is puzzled by the voice, not understanding why he would just run into gunfire. Until he remembers the katana at Ketsueki's waist, and how she would use it for training. Thinking that she may be a trainer in danger, Chimer runs toward the shed at full speed.

As he arrives at the shed, he lays eyes upon the corpses of many people with guns scattered across the floor. Chimer looks inside the shed to find the last survivor attempting to shoot at Ketsueki. However, he has run out of bullets and is cut in the throat by Ketsueki's katana.

Chimer, upon seeing this horrifying sight, begins taking steps back but ends up stepping on a branch. A snap fills the atmosphere as Ketsueki turns her head toward Chimer. Chimer immediately runs away but bumps into Ketsueki, who instantly appears in front of him.

"P-PLEASE DON'T KILL ME! I-I PROMISE TO KEEP QUIET!" Chimer pleads as he collapses to the ground, hands covering his eyes.

However, Ketsueki only chuckles as she sheaths her sword. "You're cute, you know that?" she says while laughing.

"H... Huh?" Chimer confusedly opens his eyes as Ketsueki leans close to his face, taking his chin and making his heartbeat skyrocket.

"I told you to call me if you need me, silly." She gives a smile and a wink before letting go and walking toward a tree. "Remember that, darling~" she says before walking behind the tree and disappearing.

Chimer is utterly dumbfounded. Two impossible occurrences happening before his eyes in the span of two days. He stands up and flees the scene.

As Chimer roams the streets, a thought reigns on its throne in his mind: "I am going to find out who those two really are."